To Do:
172.20.72.168
StarHub: Cancel Call Waiting?
Amex: Check web site login.

Histogram different ranges of windowed noise correlations.
Look at high rate changes versus windowed noise correlations.

Create contoursraster object to speed up display of spike trains. Include
	options to group reaction times in different ways and to align spike
	trains to stimulus onset. Allow single and grouped spike trains to be
	displayed.

Rename session directories for old Clark data.
Rename descriptor files for old Clark data.
Update function to convert old data directories to use sessionxx.
Modify ProcessSession to handle eyecal sessions with empty or missing trials.

Look into display raw data along with rasters.

Check normalization factor in free-firing rate q(t) in getSurrogateSpikes


Work Log
Alter stimuli.bin files to change target window?

Fix Contours preview size mismatch.

Update performance, timing, bias objects to return Args	and varargout 
	so we can use PlotOptions in InspectGUI.

Set up code to select which sessions go with which eye calib sessions.
Merge data from eye calibration sessions with different settings.

Check distribution of spike counts to see if mean and std are reasonable
	to use in contoursPSTH.
Modify ispikes/separate to add option to just replace ispikes files 
	instead of the entire directory.
Move eyejitter included-trials code into method for eyejitter class which
	is called using [nd,data] = ProcessDirs(nd,'nptDirCmd','data = 
	get(eyejitter,''IncludeTrials'');');
Modify eyestarget object to use MUA to look at response weighted
	eyejitter data.
Create variability objects for cat drifting grating sessions.
Create site object to compare statistics between different stimuli or 
	create function to find common session/group/cluster directories in
	multiple nptdata objects.
Create eyejitter objects for non-contour sessions.
Check raw signals for 08130304.


To Do
Cat
---
Revise cat paper.

Find way to objectively discard cells with refresh artifact (peak of xcorr with
delta functions at the refresh, or take xcorr and find peaks).

Regenerate surrogates. Check for duplicate spike times with 0 isi.

Calculate variability for larger windows. Look for relationship between spike
count and spike time in larger windows.

Check if response latency within a window can account for low spike time
variability.

Add optional arguments to @refractory/plot to pan through spike 
probability function spike by spike.

Add overloaded get function for @refractory/plot to return right number 
of events.

Spikes:
Fit peaks of cross-correlation peaks to find time-scale of correlations.
Linear reconstruction vs prediction.
Pseudo-inverse of movie images to get kernels. Compare predictions using
these kernels with predictions using M-sequence.
Information for individual cells, cell pairs, and groups.
Compare information of joint activity versus independent activity.
Time resolution corresponding to maximum information.

LFP:
Multi-taper time-frequency analysis.
Response-response coherence.

Spike sorting – wavelet features, Zoltan’s clustering algorithm,
clustering measure, Dimitrov’s spike extraction algorithm

Reverse correlation – separate on- and off-transients reverse
correlation from m-sequence, higher order correlations, temporal
transient reverse correlation, reverse correlate to filtered images

Information theory calculations on responses ala Aronov and Victor,
Nirenberg and Latham, Schnitzer and Meister, synergy vs redundancy

Spike time patterns ala Sejnowski, sliding cross-correlations ala
Laurent, quantization analysis ala Dimitrov

Response prediction using frame level m-sequence kernels, pseudo-inverse
natural movies, maximal information dimension, dejittered kernels

Variability quantified using response-response coherence,
stimulus-response coherence

Time-frequency analysis of spike and lfp signals

Test normalization models using multi-cell data

Interactions between neighboring neurons

Interactions between neurons in different cortical layers

Feed-forward and feed-back interactions between neurons in different
cortical areas

Contours
--------
Fix classes to not assume 300 ms as the valid match time window.

Add option that automatically adds sessions that are similar and skips
sessions that are different for bias, performance, and timing classes.

Reanalyze bias data taking into account fixation eye position.

Add optional arguments to @bias/plot to pan through salience levels for 
single session or for overall data.

Add overloaded get function for @bias/plot to return right number of 
events.

Create script to automatically generate MClust plots for clusters and 
insert them into Keynote.

Check for linearity in adding cues ala Randolph Blake.


npt
---
Modify InspectGUI so linkedzoom can be turned on for selected subplots.

Modify dxy file generation to ignore extra files.

Add function to merge fields of Args structure and merge the flags field. 
	Set up code to check Args along with Args from subfunctions as well as to 
	ignore fields like RedoLevel and SaveLevels. 

Add try-catch around new call to plot that expects a second output
	argument. The catch statements should try to create the Args
	from s.optArgs (won't work with flags but it is better than nothing).
Need way to specify optional output arguments.

Modify objects to make use of directory information in nptdata
object to move to the right directory if necessary. Especially useful
for objects without self-contained data.

Add code to panGUI to store original limits in order to allow zooming 
out.

Move subplot code in @nptdata/plot to nptSubplot.

Update checksystem class to use new nptdata framework.

Modifiy optional input argument addObjs for InspectGUI to include 
optional arguments instead of having to use optArgs input argument.

Incorporate panGUI to InspectGUI.

Add plot options GUI to InspectGUI that uses overloaded function from
each class to fill GUI.

Debug nptRemoveLineNoise.

Experiment with Alex's spike extraction algorithm


Presenter
---------
Fix sync and scanline monitoring for NoTransient condition

Check paradigm for missing wait for acknowledgement from Streamer after 
incomplete trial

Add open contours to Interpolated Contour stimulus


Rig Tests & Modifications
-------------------------
Add data precision controls to DataStreamer


Possible Stimulus Protocol
Moving Gabors with no distractors
Moving Gabors with distractors
Static Gabors with no distractors
Static Gabors with distractors
No Transient, Moving Gabors with no distractors
No Transient, Moving Gabors with distractors
No Transient, Static Gabors with no distractors
No Transient, Static Gabors with distractors

Unique or redundant information in cell pairs?
Response-response coherence?
Low contrast stimuli?
Quantitative receptive maps
